Explain stability: must be done, but possibly in another response.

"stability".  only failed plans can be stable?  the rate of success of
 P in w is changing below a certain threshold" - but what about if it
 is constant and below that threshold?

------ response text --------------
Stability captures how certain we are regarding current knowledge of
success/failure for a particular plan in a given world state. Success
means a path has been found and implies stability. Failure cannot be
assumed until all paths have been explored. Because actions may fail
non-deterministically (at a certain rate), stability is recognised by
achieving a (more or less) constant rate of success, rather than
constant success/failure.

------------

what happened to the context conditions originally designed for plans
(before learning)

response: 

Programmer defined context conditions are used as an initial
filter. For some evaluation a functioning program had these removed to
determine if the system could learn them.

-----------------

Section 3 discusses world-based confidence measure which (despite its
name) measures confidence independently from the world in which
success is judged. Are all plans equally world-dependent or
world-independent? I could envisage plans whose success depends
critically on current conditions and others where the general method
is successful relatively independent of context, but the
equation/mechanism does not seem to account for any variation. If
there is a simple answer to this, it would be good to clarify.

answer if possible (unsure of priority between this and next)

--------------------

Algorithm 1, why is d not a parameter of RecordDegreeStabilityInTrace
(as it is in RecordDegreeStability)? What is the meaning of it being
omitted?

should answer this.

------ take below if space -----

goal G(r,5,s) configure all batteries in the system, or just one
battery? If the former, what form does the plan take?

The plan configures all batteries in the system.  (answer what form
does the plan take)

----------------

assumes an agent with multiple plans available for each goal (no space)

term BDI, term dynamics (there will not be space to address this)
