Issues and some responses, ordered by importance

The definition of plan stability says that a plan is considered as
stable in a world state w if the success rate of the plan is changing
below a threshold. According to what factors this threshold is chosen
and how much does the choice of this threshold influence the
performance of the learning algorithm?  - At what time points is
stability recorded? Every time a plan fails or after a goal fails?

Response: If the threshold for change is too small, and actions have
some non-deterministic failure, then plans can fail to stabilise and
learning will be slowed down. If the threshold is too high plans can
be prematurely regarded as stable. Stability is assessed every time a
plan fails. (this needs refining wrt how we are using stability now).

Does the world state encompass the whole knowledge of the agent or
does it only include the parameters of a goal or plan?

Response: The world state includes parameters relevant for the plan
and its descendants. This can be programmer specified, or calculated
based on variables accessed.

How much time of the normal execution has to be spent for learning, i.e.
does learning heavily impacts the reactivity of the agent? How large
problems can be that can be dealt with? Is it possible to use the
approach selectively for those parts where learning is beneficial and
use standard BDI for the rest of the agent?

Response: It would be possible to use the learning selectively, though
we have not done that as yet. The major cost is in continually
rebuilding the decision trees. Using incremental decision trees would
address this.

So why using a learning BDI controller is better than using a planner?

it does not discuss much the applicability of the approach. In which
domains would it be beneficial using the approach? What are the
inherent limitations of the approach e.g.  with respect to the size of
problem?






capable of dealing with changing environments.  Actually, I was a bit
astonished to read this, because without being able to react on
environmental dynamics the approach is quite limited.


